Comrade Yang Miji
What are you doing in my house?
I finally saw you late at night
Is it the news of missing the Lan family?
You're not going to save me
Miss doesn't know about it
I didn't go myself
No way. You'd rather promise me
Brother will protect me at all times
Didn't I ask Yu Dong to save you?
Okay, it's getting late, go back and rest early.
Zhou Yueshen
All because of missing
It is missing that makes the Moon God such a person
Who was here just now?
It was Yu Dong who came to report the situation of the pig farm
Is there anything wrong with the pig farm?
If you are busy, you can do it first.
miss
Today is our wedding night
There is no reason for the groom to leave the bride on the wedding night
Isn't this misleading?
Don't pay attention to the eyes of others
Whether you can or not
I will be with you
Then I'll let you see if I can do it.
If it hurts, it will fall apart.
Isn't it impossible to come out? Is it?